added known issue to 5.9 release notes (#2411)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/release-notes/NuGet-5.9.md

**[List of commits in this release - 5.9.1](https://github.com/NuGet/NuGet.Client/compare/5.9.0.7134...5.9.1.8)**

## Known issues

### nuget 5.9 pack raises `Null Reference` exception. - [#10685](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/10685)

#### Issue

> When tring to `pack` using a `.nuspec` file, `NuGet 5.9` version raises a `null reference` exception if [explicit assembly references](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/reference/nuspec#explicit-assembly-references) are specified without adding any `reference groups` for projects that target `multiple frameworks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tring to `pack` using a `.nuspec` file, `NuGet 5.9` version raises a `null reference` exception if [explicit assembly references](../reference/nuspec.md#explicit-assembly-references) are specified without adding any `reference groups` for projects that target `multiple frameworks`.
```
